Add meta description to some pages (#3853)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/installation-guide/open-distro/distributed-deployment/step-by-step-installation/elasticsearch-cluster/elasticsearch-multi-node-cluster.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Learn more about how to install Elasticsearch in a multi-node cluster for Wazuh in this step-by-step guide. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to install Elasticsearch on a multi-node cluster with Wazuh. This deployment type provides high availability and scalability of the product. 
```
